with a blue and white uniforms emily has
there's the second uniform the expectant
last week they're playing with that now
on the plane on the left to Canadian
sedan for spore on remedy which is one
of the worst teams offensively on the
whole Spanish Liga republic jumping the
salva at sea done good pass to run out
but really quick back faster longer
passes and yet committed a single file
they go with the long ball to see done
now on the left side and his best
position like oh but I will opens it up
now for see done and design grabs the
ball anything can happen look at this
pass just down right next to him what a
great control by C damned good ball to
Roberto I see yes I think I'm with it
though and it's a go it's a go look like
an outside where to go by Tyrone now
though right up here we see the replay
wide open on inside the box and rat
think it was a pro-marijuana to that boy
is he hungry covers on the middle it's a
bag no now there's not able to reach it
C NiTi see done takes a shot and robbed
somebody has had one shot of a lot of
three now see down control on the
midfield trying to get Monica out of
their field other side of the field for
them because the Sardar goalkeeper in
the last four years better contrast left
to betty's and
now we see one day Ramos was on the bed
in Spanish Liga only two years ago but
here in my life on the remote has not
been able to yet it's rahul to see done
high kick see replay yeah it was bigger
than and old ankle i was very dangerous
for play but the biggest intelligence I
come on the middle of the field using
that he didn't really have as a costume
too but here I'm happy about that about
losing such an important player
defensively and they were back in the
strategy on that side Suzanne with
suable was discovered not see done on
happen up until now it's become now the
bar to see Dan
hello again now on the left a very
defensive position because he's not
where it's supposed to be who's the Bob
but he recovers it
you
and to cut out the one that gets it the
incident on the Left covers it back to
Roberto Carlos but she's now see then
recovers
see them play would come yet
see that now open it up to me has not
been able to attack much or hasn't had
many opportunities to grovel I've always
been there before either salon with a
luncheon now to see done although that
was not able to reach that ball now see
done I mean I don't need a
counter-attack the long ball to Ronaldo
with your little good past but we see
done see that now it's at an attack but
it's only two plays remarried Romero
pollito by speed on the bow very nice
shot a little bit ahead of his line who
you see how he recovers the ball two
touches the boys slightly touched by a
mouse trying you saved I go because the
ball was going in is he watching no i
wasn't going in Pauline Roberto Carlos
in 10 and of course from grammar you can
always fact more than that but he's not
happy with the way his team is playing
because they haven't been able to let me
back to Bob on let's peek no its mission
which is back to see Rhonda Mitchell
again saves to the team back up just
like to become become sedan then we seek
others are able to recover the proper
serum is
so he gets fouled there my lego hey come
on the rights on the left side see Dan
to Roberto Carlos make em sit on and
we're both of course the sister every
other son now it's come via so playing
with to Roberto Carlos back to see Dan
see that receive a one touches it wanted
to the back to see done here on the left
side to take five on how long that's
their first version of this show here on
gold live ago TV we press up one solid
nights throw it she done booty booty
back to see done and I get it away from
iker casillas marica is a hey man what
are you trying to do it's he done yes my
like I still has once listen to be made
we see ultimate field pressure it up did
think that it was a roberto carlos the
one coming in the one